Created a sample data set using EF via a SeedData static class upon startup.  Used Repository pattern with IdentityContext with the assumption that if this were to plug into another system, the database connection, Repositories and Entities (found in the Models package) can be swapped out to real data connections and entities.  I used SQL Server Express locally while seeding the data and subsequently testing.

Used Identity with Roles with the idea that perhaps we'd like to have Admin role'd users update the underlying data such as Restaurants and where those restaurants are located.  Didn't delve too deeply into security. Only used the Authorize attribute to protect methods but didn't get too complicated with it.  If security implementation is a major requirement please let me know and I'll be happy to implement.  Also, added API functionality for adding new restaurants and adding new locations for existing restaurants, but didn't expand locations for similar functionality.  Stubbed out the methods for locations instead.  Can expand on this if desired as well.

Created a SPA UI in Angular to test with and included the code for that here as well.  With the UI running on a separate port, had to deal with CORS.  Again, didn't go too deeply into the CORS setup, just made it work.  If desired, I can expand upon this.

I've also included a few unit tests on the Controllers.  I chose Moq as the mocking package.  Can implement using a different package if desired.

Some basic assumptions that were made:
1.  There can only be one restaurant at a location, but can be multiple locations for a restaurant.  If we expand the data set for lcoations to include street address, this would be more realistic.  For now, the location definition is only City and State.
2.  Given multiple potential locations for a restaurant, there can be a separate reviews for each individual location.
3.  A User may only review a restaurant at a location once.  The user cannot submit multiple reviews for the same location of a restaurant.  Instead, that user can edit the existing review.
4.  A User may only edit reviews which they've submitted, not reviews written by other users.
5.  A User may only delete reviews which they've submitted
6.  Restaurants and Locations cannot be deleted (can implement if desired, but not currently included)

Thank you for the opportunity.  This was a fun project!

RestaurantReviews
=================

The Problem
--------------
We are in the midst of building a mobile application that will let restaurant patrons rate the restaurant in which they are eating. As part of the build, we need to develop a web API that will accept and store the ratings and other sundry data from a publicly accessible interface. 

For this project, we would like you to build this API. Feel free to add your own twists and ideas to what type of data we should collect and return, but at a minimum your API should be able to:

1. Get a list of restaurants by city
2. Post a restaurant that is not in the database
3. Post a review for a restaurant
4. Get of a list of reviews by user
5. Delete a review

The Fine Print
--------------
Please use whatever techniques you feel are applicable to solve the problem. We suggest that you approach this exercise as if this code was part of a larger system. The end result should be representative of your abilities and style.  We prefer that you submit your solution in a language targeting the .NET Framework to help us better evaluate your code.

Please fork this repository. If your solution involves code auto generated by a development  tool, please commit it separately from your own work.  When you have completed your solution, please issue a pull request to notify us that you are ready.

Have fun.
